README.md, before:

# ios_habit_tracker
My first take on a personal project - a habit tracker app for apple
---

# Habit Tracker

## Habit class properties
- title
- status
- timesPerDay
- timesCompletedToday
- description/information
- completedCountTotal
- icon
- color(?)

## Features


### General
[x] when a new day begins reset all habits' status to "Incomplete"


### List view for all the habits
[x] divide the finished and unfinished habits
[ ] add swiping functionality to complete habits
[ ] show only active habits
[x] show how many times a habit has to be swiped to be completed (ex. "0/2")
[x] show habit description under title
[ ] show habit icon to the left of the habit list element

### Add new habit
[x] button to add to list
[ ] textfield to add habit descripiton
[ ] textfield to add completion per day goal
[ ] grid view with buttons to pick an icon associated with the habit 
[ ] figure out how to make habits active only for certain days 


### Habit detail view
[x] habit title content
[x] button to complete habit
[x] button to edit habit
[x] show habit total completion count
[x] show habit completion count on that day
[x] show habit description

### Edit habit view
[x] change habit title
[x] change habit description
[x] change habit timesPerDay
[ ] change habit icon

Commit message:

added possibility of inputting more habit information in addHabitView & added comments

README.md, after:

# ios_habit_tracker
My first take on a personal project - a habit tracker app for apple
---

# Habit Tracker

## Habit class properties
- title
- status
- timesPerDay
- timesCompletedToday
- description/information
- completedCountTotal
- icon
- color(?)

## Features


### General
[x] when a new day begins reset all habits' status to "Incomplete"


### List view for all the habits
[x] divide the finished and unfinished habits
[ ] if the habit doesn't have a description center the habit title
[ ] add swiping functionality to complete habits
[ ] show only active habits
[x] show how many times a habit has to be swiped to be completed (ex. "0/2")
[x] show habit description under title
[ ] show habit icon to the left of the habit list element

### Add new habit
[x] button to add to list
[ ] textfield to add habit descripiton
[ ] textfield to add completion per day goal
[ ] grid view with buttons to pick an icon associated with the habit 
[ ] figure out how to make habits active only for certain days 


### Habit detail view
[x] habit title content
[x] button to complete habit
[x] button to edit habit
[x] show habit total completion count
[x] show habit completion count on that day
[x] show habit description

### Edit habit view
[x] change habit title
[x] change habit description
[x] change habit timesPerDay
[ ] change habit icon
